All died in accidents.
Back then, my eldest brother and sister-in-law took Xiaomian and wanted to go out with me.
Before departure, I felt unwell, so I didn’t go together.
Later, I always felt that it was me who killed my eldest brother and sister-in-law.
Later, at the test site, I found a water bottle.
The bottle contained a deadly poison that was not found in the country.
But this bottle has been exposed in the wild for too long,
There is no evidence anymore,
It can be proven that you are close friends with your elder brother and sister-in-law.
However, you want to kill Jiang Mian with the same trick.
The death of my eldest brother and sister-in-law
It's not an accident, it's man-made, it's murder, nonsense
It has nothing to do with us, Sister Jiang
Not a business
You all found human life
We can say goodbye after our cooperation
teacher wife
Take away the remaining poison from the medicine
The ingredients are consistent
Do you have anything else to say, cousin?
I know it's wrong
I don't understand anything
It's all what my mother told me to do.
It has nothing to do with me
let me go
I really know I was wrong
Cousin, please let me go, let me go
Are you willing to see your daughter like this?
Suffering humiliation?
from now on
I only have two sons
a grandson
a granddaughter-in-law
when other people
I don't care at all
The police car is already at the door
Really do it
Such a punch
This is the last time I treat you
Even better than myself